good morning of
please welcome back to most of you that
we have a new welcome or new faces that
is 52 magistrate thank you you know what
means I saw say if you want to change
the world you start doing it yourself
oh I'm like oh my every time he's a
bright pupil if it's explained to him
with more than once they want you to
live a life where she stands for card
the odds backboarded what else is doing
when she's got such a lot to offer
[Music]
sounds really good
that actually wasn't too bad one of the
things I wanted to talk to you that was
same-sex marriage sometimes it's better
to be gay into this baggage claim very
good Rumble and if you play like that
today you have no problem nobody makes
mistake on purpose you know when you
made a mistake what you need is let's
your teammate come and support you go on
impress me in a very meaningful way you
have control over a lot of what you do
your own education is up to you as much
as it is up to your teachers it's up to
you to figure out what you think you
could learn we're all already in charge
of your own life
very good in its own peculiar way
everything is new all the founders are
different everything is different more
Ferrari driver these guys were very
young winning also deboarding when
they're 70 they'll be popping into box
they were together young they're very
close proud of you if you don't come
here what do we do all day
I don't you sit around doing less and
less and getting more rewarded granted